Add KL27 addresses and blhost instructions (#289)
microbit-foundation/dev-docs: software/interface.md

[Download latest full DAPLink image](/docs/software/assets/DAPLink-factory-release/kl27z_bl_0255_if_0255_microbit_full_image.bin){: .btn.sm-btn download}

You will need to register for and download the [**Bootloader Host Application (blhost)**](https://www.nxp.com/design/software/development-software/mcuxpresso-software-and-tools-/mcuboot-mcu-bootloader-for-nxp-microcontrollers:MCUBOOT?&tab=Design_Tools_Tab) from NXP. In the `/bin` folder you will find executables for your operating system.

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Please ensure you are using the latest version of blhost, old versions incompatibility with new OS versions can have unexpected results.</div>

Author: Actually, I need to update this warning to something else before we can merge this PR, but everything else is good to review.

Author: Okay, I've updated this warning to have the right content.

> <div class="alert alert-warning">Please ensure the nRF52 flash has been erased before erasing/flashing the KL27 flash. Programmes running on the nRF52 can affect the KL27 internal boot process and stop the kinetis bootloader from running. You can flash <a href="/docs/software/assets/erase-flash.hex">this hex file</a> to erase the nRF52.</div>

Reviewer: Relabelling the link to give context for a11y

```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">Please ensure the nRF52 flash has been erased before erasing/flashing the KL27 flash. Programmes running on the nRF52 can affect the KL27 internal boot process and stop the kinetis bootloader from running. You can flash an <a href="/docs/software/assets/erase-flash.hex">erase-flash.hex</a> file to erase the nRF52.</div>
```

blhost --help
```

> The DAPLink software enables flash protection for bootloader area, so we need to use this specific erase command:

Author: ```suggestion
The DAPLink software enables flash protection for the bootloader flash area, so we need to use erase command that also unsecures the flash:
```
